all right brightsider it's leg day
sorry armpit day was last week before we
start burning the fat off those thighs
let's start with a good warm up need to
get the blood flowing
stretch those muscles and tendons don't
want to pull anything
like that jumping jacks
stand up straight with your feet
together arms at your sides
jump spread those feet and swing your
arms out and
over your head then jump back to the
start position
imagine being stuck on a desert island
and seeing a ship pass by in the
distance
jump and wave as if you were trying to
give them a signal
come on this is your only chance if you
ate one chocolate cookie
you'd have to do jumping jacks for seven
minutes straight to burn those calories
next up squats stand straight up again
but your feet are hip width apart
this time imagine you're about to sit
down in an imaginary chair
keep that back straight your knees
shouldn't go past your toes
make sure they come to 90 degree angles
no half squats on my watch
you can keep your hands clapped together
in front of your chest
or extend them out in front of you to
add some arm exercising to this leg
party
when you build up strength in the thighs
and glutes you can add weights
if you feel tired consider this the
world record for the number of squads
done in one hour
belongs to patty doyle from the uk he
was able to squat
4708 times he can keep the record
forward lunges no wait sorry that's
lunges keep your upper body straight and
step
forward with one foot keep lowering
until both
knees are at 90 degrees hey i didn't
expect so much geometry and fitness
when you've reached this point stand
back up to the starting position
make sure you keep your hips squared
that means facing forward
and your back straight keep your gaze
straight ahead of you
pro tip helps when there's a tv there or
a donut hanging from the ceiling
front lunges tone your thigh muscles
perfectly and help
burn fat around your waistline and next
exercise
[Music]
leg circles lie down on your back
and raise one leg to the ceiling now
make a
big circle with it out down until it's
almost touching your other leg out on
the other side
and back up toward the ceiling again
keep that leg straight
the whole time we'll do five of those
clockwise
and five counter-clockwise on each leg
imagine your foot is a magic wand and
you're trying to cast a spell
on your ceiling cobb webbus disappears
nah it didn't work
the key to doing this exercise correctly
is pacing
do it slowly we're not in a competition
to see who can draw the most circles in
the air
doing it too fast won't work those thigh
muscles as much
okay we're done with that one
onto glute kickbacks hey i could go for
a kickback
get on all fours with your shoulders
over your wrists
and your hips lined up with your knees
this one's kind of tricky so stay with
me
lift your left foot while keeping the
knee bent at a right angle
your thigh should be parallel with the
floor calf is perpendicular
if we're being particular and don't make
any big gesticulars
straighten that leg out behind you bring
it back up
and lower it back down to the floor
repeat on the other side
the secret power of this exercise is
isolating the thigh muscles
and using only them to lift your legs
the correct body position helps with
this
the most common mistake is letting the
belly droop now
flex your abs to keep your back straight
also make sure you don't move too fast
and don't let your hips rotate
we'll give it some more work with the
glute bridge
lie down on your back bend your knees
and plant your feet on the floor
now raise your hips so that your body
makes a straight line
hold the bridge for a few seconds
then slowly lower down ready when you
are
now don't rush it use the thigh muscles
to lift the body not the back muscles
you can do the single leg glute bridge
the steps are the same
you just lift one leg up this style cuts
your support points in half
though the thigh also pronounced
so the thigh that's not lifted has to do
twice the work
okay i think you got that one down just
fine
i saved the hardest for last
burpees it's tough
stand up straight legs hip width apart
squat down touch the ground and kick
your legs back up into a push-up
position
reverse it to stand back up repeat those
steps
and we'll do as many as we can in 20
seconds
here we go i'm right with you
try to do it slowly a few times just to
get used to the moves
when you get good at it add a push up
when you're in a plank
and do jump when you stand back up
the human body has about 650 muscles
right now you're using almost all of
them remember that chocolate cookie you
had to burn off with seven minutes of
jumping jacks
with burpees it only takes three minutes
your heart is also getting an intense
workout
this will have you burning calories long
after you finish doing your burpees
after something like that we need to
cool down
you always relax your muscles and get
your heart rate back to normal after
any workout session so sit down
close your eyes think about that
milkshake
i mean take in a deep breath now
exhale now pull your legs forward and
try to reach your toes without bending
your knees
okay spread your legs out to the sides
and try to bend
forward as far as you can some people
can touch their belly to the ground
i am not one of those folks where's that
milkshake
[Music]
but everything in moderation
don't forget that it takes about two
days for your muscles to fully recover
from stress
two to three training sessions a week
will be enough
combined with the right diet you'll have
thinner
more toned thighs within a month's time
eat food rich in protein eggs fish
cheese
milk yogurts beans and nuts should
become frequent items on your menu
protein will have you feeling fuller for
longer it'll also keep you energized
throughout the day
which means you won't be reaching for
the sugary stuff
yeah your body kind of sets you up for
failure on that one
your brain wants an instant energy boost
so it puppeteers you
over to the fridge you grab a soda over
to the cabinet
mmm cookies but not this time brain
i'm in control now
drink more water too it should cut your
salt intake down
when you reach for chips your brain is
probably just thirsty for
it thinks this salt will make him chug
some h2o
yes it's the perfect plan
what really ends up happening i wolf
down the whole bag
and wash it down with soda and if you
can't find time
out of your day to do some training fit
the exercises into stuff you do
anyway walk to the kitchen in lunges
grab a garbage bag with squats
don't forget to wave to your neighbor
while doing the jumping jacks
hey susan sup